# FAQ {#concept_wcp_tby_b2b .concept}

## Is a Data Transfer Plan purchased earlier deducted earlier? {#section_h4k_1cy_b2b .section}

No.

Data Transfer Plans are deducted sequentially based on expiration time. The Data Transfer Plan that expires first will be deducted first. If the expiration time of a Data Transfer Plan is June 1, 2017, and the expiration time of a Data Transfer Plan is February 1, 2017, the second Data Transfer Plan will be deducted first because it expires first.

If the expiration time is the same, the Data Transfer Plan with a smaller resource package ID is deducted first.

## Do I need to configure a Data Transfer Plan after purchasing it? {#section_ykp_2cy_b2b .section}

No.

After you purchase a Data Transfer Plan, the traffic generated by ECS instances, EIPs and SLB instances that are billed by traffic is automatically deducted.

## Can the traffic generated by a product billed by bandwidth be deducted from Data Transfer Plan? {#section_gy4_hcy_b2b .section}

No.

Only traffic generated by ECS instances, EIPs, and SLB instances that are billed by traffic can be deducted.

## Can traffic generated by products in areas not displayed on the purchase page be deducted from Data Transfer Plan? {#section_rln_ncy_b2b .section}

No.

The traffic generated by products in areas not displayed on the purchase page cannot be deducted from the plan.

## Can I export the deduction details of Data Transfer Plan? {#section_uqr_4cy_b2b .section}

You can only view it in [Resource Packages](https://expense.console.aliyun.com/?#/flow/home/) of Billing Management.

Currently the deduction details cannot be exported.

## Deduction records in the usage details of Data Transfer Plan {#section_dp3_qcy_b2b .section}

The time in the usage details of Data Transfer Plan refers to the time when the traffic deduction is billed and the traffic generally was generated one hour before the time.

## What is the peak bandwidth when Data Transfer Plan and EIPs are used? {#section_zmb_vcy_b2b .section}

Data Transfer Plan is a resource package, which does not influence the peak bandwidth of associated cloud products. The original peak bandwidths of EIPs billed by traffic remain unchanged after a Data Transfer Plan is used.

