# FAQs {#concept_wcp_tby_b2b .concept}

## Is a Data Transfer Plan purchased earlier deducted earlier? {#section_h4k_1cy_b2b .section}

No.

Data Transfer Plans are deducted sequentially based on expiration time. A plan to expire earlier is deducted earlier. If the validity period of the Data Transfer Plan purchased first is half a year and the plan is to expire on June 1, 2017, and the validity period of the Data Transfer Plan purchased second is one month and the plan is to expire on February 1, 2017, the second plan will be deducted first because it expires first.

If the expiration time is the same, the Data Transfer Plan with a smaller resource package ID is deducted first.

## Do I need to configure a Data Transfer Plan after purchasing it? {#section_ykp_2cy_b2b .section}

No.

After you purchase a Data Transfer Plan, the traffic generated by ECS instances, EIPs and SLB instances that are billed by traffic is automatically deducted from the plan.

## Can the traffic generated by a product billed by bandwidth be deducted from Data Transfer Plan? {#section_gy4_hcy_b2b .section}

No.

A Data Transfer Plan can only be used for ECS instances, EIPs, and SLB instances that are billed by traffic.

## Can traffic generated by products in areas not displayed on the purchase page be deducted from Data Transfer Plan? {#section_rln_ncy_b2b .section}

No.

The traffic generated by products in areas not displayed on the purchase page cannot be deducted from the plan.

## Can I export the deduction details of Data Transfer Plan? {#section_uqr_4cy_b2b .section}

You can only view it in [Resource Packages](https://expense.console.aliyun.com/?#/flow/home/) of Billing Management.

Currently the deduction details cannot be exported.

## Deduction records in the usage details of Data Transfer Plan {#section_dp3_qcy_b2b .section}

The time in the usage details of Data Transfer Plan refers to the time when the traffic deduction is billed and the traffic generally was generated one hour before the time.

## What is the peak bandwidth when Data Transfer Plan and EIPs are used? {#section_zmb_vcy_b2b .section}

Data Transfer Plan is a resource package, which does not influence the peak bandwidth of associated cloud products. The original peak bandwidths of EIPs billed by traffic remain unchanged after a Data Transfer Plan is used.

